Added element type section (#4442)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Data/Defining-content/index-v8.md

## What is a Document Type?

A Document Type contains fieldsets (or groups) where you can apply rules about where the content can be created, allowed template(s), backoffice icons, etc.

Document Types can define entire pages or more limited content that can be reused on other nodes ie. a Search Engine Optimization (SEO) group. This means that you are in complete control of what type of content can be created where.

Document Types define what an end user sees and can interact with when they are working in the Umbraco backoffice. For a "Blog post" Document Type containing a thumbnail, a name, and an author image, it needs to be defined in the Document Type. All blog posts using the "Blog post" Document Type, will allow the end user to fill in a thumbnail, author name, and an author image.

### Properties

> Each field on a Document Type is called a property. A property is given a name, an alias (used to output the properties contained in a template), and an editor. The editor determines what type of data the property will store and the input method. There is a wide range of property editors available out-of-the box (Textstring, Richtext, Media Picker, and so forth) and you can customize additional editors.

Reviewer: Strange that it gives the error here. Could be because of "out-of-the-box" 🤔 Let's try something like this:

```suggestion
Each field on a Document Type is called a property. The property is given a name, an alias (used to output the properties contained in a template), and an editor. The editor determines what type of data the property will store and the input method. There is a wide range of default property editors available (Textstring, Richtext, Media Picker, and so forth) and you can customize additional editors.
```

![Creating a Compositions](images/v8Screenshots/compositions.png)

> ## What is an Element Type?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can create a Document Type as an __Element Type__, which can be used to build Block Grid and Block List editors. Learn more about Element Types below.

### What is an Element Type?
```
